Update readme file to include domainless gMSA pathway explanation within prerequisites (#127)
aws/credentials-fetcher: README.md

- Active Directory server ( Windows Server )
- Linux instances or hosts that are domain-joined to Active Directory

>   - Unless you are using Amazon Elastic Container Service - Fargate. In that case you must [use domainless gMSA](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/fargate-linux-gmsa.html#fargate-linux-gmsa-considerations).

Reviewer: This is true, but I think we should also include the fact that you can use Domainless with ECS without Fargate as described here: https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2023/07/amazon-ecs-domainless-gmsa-authentication-linux-windows-containers/

+ @as14692 or @jamolina who would be able to best word it.

Reviewer 2: @SovietFrontier gMSA for EC2 Linux containers on Amazon ECS provides the option of domainless gMSA and joining each instance to a single domain. Please update to reflect it as follows

- [EC2 Linux containers on Amazon ECS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/linux-gmsa.html#linux-gmsa-considerations) provides the option of domainless gMSA and joining each instance to a single domain
- [Linux containers on Fargate](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/fargate-linux-gmsa.html#fargate-linux-gmsa-considerations) must use domainless gMSA

Reviewer 2: @SovietFrontier gMSA for EC2 Linux containers on Amazon ECS also provides the option of domainless gMSA along with the option of joining each instance to a single domain. Please update to reflect it as follows
```suggestion
  - [EC2 Linux containers on Amazon ECS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/linux-gmsa.html#linux-gmsa-considerations) provides the option of domainless gMSA and joining each instance to a single domain
  - [Linux containers on Fargate](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/fargate-linux-gmsa.html#fargate-linux-gmsa-considerations) must use domainless gMSA
```

Author: Done! Thank you for that wording.
